always on the rise I forgot about him
alright guys this is going to be a bit
of a different squad builder I'm going
to be streaming on twitch in the next
couple of days I'll put a video out
where i am and i living in Scripture
winner I with you are you gonna play at
this team and always choose someone at
random bro sends me a message first I'll
play them and if they win they can
choose play a team and if I win just for
pride really I don't really know if I
win or lose or win alright so getting to
the team ingo we have the second in form
of Eden fella 41 k 6 foot 2 87 dive in a
reflex is 92 handling nice its
positioning I prefer he's first in form
because I had it for longer and I played
about 30 games it and I just thought it
was better all rounded but i thought i'd
try the second one for the just for the
team basically centre-backs we have
felipe santana or you could of a second
you could have to tell the silver all
Alex doesn't really matter well in Tokyo
silver 127 k 6 482 pays at 78 passing 88
defending 82 heading I prefer Santana
just because he's a fraction of the
price and it still got 81 pace 84 in so
its own defending but Joey silver he's
the more overall center back he's got a
great freaky but the perfect partnership
for him and him sergio ramos and
chiellini that for a high risk for the
Fuhrer hybrids is I got I don't worry
why he's so expensive personally I don't
think he's worth it i think he should be
bound about 50k the santana and died a
do exactly change repeaters and date and
there but they're only around 2k right
back we have the in-form rafael 45 knife
k 4 star week for three star skill 85
base 875 passing 79 dribbling and ie
defending I can there is a difference
between him this one and the normal
card you can tell when he's playing
because it's more quick off the ball
he's got like 88 acceleration on some
left-back we have Maxwell there is an
informer is nothing but they were I've
had it before and there isn't a
difference but honestly that's my
opinion there is no difference between
them is still at certain for pays AE
passing a 77 defending she also got 70
heading which for someone who's five
foot ten the fallback is quite good and
is an ombre gold but is in form no I
don't recommend it at all I wouldn't
recommend getting it first CDM we have
Anderson 2k that was converted down to
CDM any information-- which quite cheap
Tuesday week for three sales skills 78
pays 78 passing an 83 duplin he's quite
quick off the mark I think he's got like
low to mid eighties acceleration so he's
always got a good first touch and he's
always one of the first offenders of the
pitch second see the end of the choice
between quite a lot of CDMS at PSG this
is a silicone between E Verratti and
Beckham haven't tried out Beckham yet
well I'm looking forward to foot
personally i prefer Sissoko out of all
of them I just think he's got got quite
hot acceleration so he's always fast and
him and Anderson are always on the pitch
before either than the both got medium
medium work rates he's got three star
week for three star skill comes me a
hundred coins and i highly recommend him
over Matuidi basically and Verratti brat
is good for a silver team because it's
got like some 198 balance so it's always
he's always straining for a tackle and
it just gets up straight after it but
Sissoko is just a rock at the back and i
highly recommend him that cat first cam
we have lit the transfer Lucas cross me
for just over four and a half K through
sorry foot four star skill 92 pays a ea
true put in 77 shooting certainly a
passing up his inform as a right-wing I
think it's like I III raid and his left
wings an 84 there's no difference
doesn't like to start difference between
them you can buy the Kevin will do
exactly the same job but if you do have
the coins I'd go for the right wing but
I wouldn't go for the left wing one
and there's two choices this van persie
02 rat I've been playing van Persie
because these free kicks are amazing
that's for just over 40k for style skill
for Sal week 478 pace 89 shot 81 passing
a 4 dribbling him him and bruni of the
two holy SH raid players let's see hydro
players in the team and I just think
he's amazing personally upper first
flame is strikeout or centre forward in
camera doesn't really fit because not
really fast but I thought put him into
this team suit in this position so it is
like sent and forward that we have Bruni
AEK full star weak foot three star skill
39 pace eh eh shot 83 passing 84
drooping a two heading I didn't realize
like he was this fast is actually one
pace Leslie one pace faster than a
vampire's which is highly odd because
van Persie's younger and I just think he
seemed faster but Brittany's got a great
shot up prefer van Persie's free kick I
don't know what he's twice the price
personally because you're not getting
twice the player cuz he's smaller so I
don't he's got like 15 better head in
which is unrealistic personally but it's
good for playing striker and center
forward i wouldn't try mean camel CM
sending me like some people do i don't
know how the plane there I just don't
like in in midfield at all strike here
with any of two choices but I've been
playing storage because it's just it
seems better because it's cheap it's
just quite cheaper as eyes at half the
price of Remy three-star skills
three-star week for five thousand seven
hundred coins 90 page 78 shot 71 passing
84 dribbling 75 heading it's a great
player if you want to pick him up there
is till the Chelsea version out there in
bright wing but in strike is more suited
but is week four is right for it seems
worse than three star week what it seems
like one or two you can never get the
right shot off by earth personally it's
called a couple of goals in the game's
most of the players I've actually I
think it's two or three that haven't and
yeah the first like changing the players
you could instead put up up front Remy
and income you could have to wrap and
these these two are
perfect combination idly there Remy 11 k
4 star skills 3 star week but you get
what you pay for personally human
stories that are so equally matched is
unbelievable and to write him and
berating at the most all kevin-prince
boateng by the way the most the two most
all rounded players in the game or I
think Tourette's the best personally
five-star week for five star skill so as
I know he's the only player in the game
with both five star they just both
amazing both personally so that's the
team hope you enjoyed it i'm going to be
streaming on twitching that's all the
dads think what he said that but yeah
look forward to seeing you there please
like subscribe cheers